Update: Update integrating-the-vtex-login.md (#45)
vtex/faststore-docs: docs/how-to-guides/platform-integration/vtex/integrating-the-vtex-login.md

## Before you start

- Ensure you have already [configured the custom domain name of your FastStore website](/how-to-guides/platform-integration/vtex/hosting-a-faststore-vtex-website).

> - Stores using Portal (Legacy) technology must have the secure domain on VTEX IO. To do, please open a ticket with the [VTEX support team](https://help.vtex.com/support) requesting a domain migration on the secure domain from Portal (Legacy) to VTEX IO. 

Reviewer: Depending on their edition they might need to change it, right? Or install the `vtex.login` app?

Author: Right, Guila! According to the solution in the thread, changing the edition from Business to Store works.

> - Stores using Portal (Legacy) technology must have the secure domain on VTEX IO. To do, please open a ticket with the [VTEX support team](https://help.vtex.com/support) requesting a domain migration on the secure domain from Portal (Legacy) to VTEX IO. 

Author: ```suggestion
- Stores that currently use Portal (Legacy) technology are required to update their `vtex.edition-business@0.x` to `vtex.edition-store@5.x,`  and to migrate their secure domain to VTEX IO. To make these changes, please open a support ticket with the [VTEX support team](https://help.vtex.com/support) and request that the [Edition App](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/vtex-io-documentation-edition-app) installed in your account be updated and that your secure domain be migrated from Portal (Legacy) to VTEX IO.
```
